Update telemetry.rst (#3430)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/telemetry.rst

> Error and diagnostic data is collected for the following purposes: to add improvements to Mattermost software that are specific to your usage and deployment patterns, including identifying security and reliability issues;  to analyze and fix software problems; to help improve the quality of Mattermost software and related services; and to make design decisions for future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mattermost error and diagnostic data is collected for the following purposes: to add improvements that are specific to your usage and deployment patterns, including identifying security and reliability issues; to analyze and fix software problems; to help improve the quality of Mattermost software and related services; and to make design decisions for future releases.
```

> .. note:: Error and diagnostic reporting is sent by the client to the endpoint **api.segment.io**. To opt out, disable the feature in System Console > General > Logging > Enable Error and Diagnostics Reporting in prior versions or System Console > Environment > Logging in versions after 5.12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: 
Error and diagnostic reporting is sent by the client to the endpoint ``api.segment.io``. To opt out, you can disable the feature in **System Console > Environment > Logging** (or **System Console > General > Logging > Enable Error and Diagnostics Reporting** in versions prior to 5.12).
```
